migrate oracle docs (#2715)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: docs/references/protocol/ledger-data/ledger-entry-types/oracle.md

    {
      "PriceData": {
        "BaseAsset": "XRP",
        "QuoteAsset": "USD",
        "AssetPrice": 74,
        "Scale": 2,
      }
    },
  ],
  "LastUpdateTime": 743609414,
  "PreviousTxnID": "C53ECF838647FA5A4C780377025FEC7999AB4182590510CA461444B207AB74A9",
  "PreviousTxnLgrSeq": 56865244
}
```

## Oracle Fields

| Field               | JSON Type | Internal Type | Required? | Description |
|---------------------|-----------|---------------|-----------|-------------|
| `Owner`             | String    | AccountID     | Yes       | The XRPL account with update and delete privileges for the oracle. It's recommended to set up [multi-signing](https://xrpl.org/set-up-multi-signing.html) on this account. |
| `Provider`          | String    | Blob          | Yes       | An arbitrary value that identifies an oracle provider, such as Chainlink, Band, or DIA. This field is a string, up to 256 ASCII hex encoded characters (0x20-0x7E). |
| `PriceDataSeries`   | Array     | Array         | Yes       | An array of up to 10 `PriceData` objects, each representing the price information for a token pair. More than five `PriceData` objects require two owner reserves. |

> | `LastUpdateTime`    | Number    | UInt32        | Yes       | The time the data was last updated, represented in Unix time. |

Reviewer: As I also noted in `get_aggregate_price`, the example doesn't make sense as Unix time; it would represent a "last-updated" date of July 25, 1993.

If it's intended to be seconds since the Ripple Epoch, it would be a little closer (July 25, 2023) but still a bit implausible.

| `URI`               | String    | Blob          | No        | An optional Universal Resource Identifier to reference price data off-chain. This field is limited to 256 bytes. |
| `AssetClass`        | String    | Blob          | Yes       | Describes the type of asset, such as "currency", "commodity", or "index". This field is a string, up to 16 ASCII hex encoded characters (0x20-0x7E). |
| `OwnerNode`         | String    | UInt64        | Yes       | A hint indicating which page of the oracle owner's owner directory links to this entry, in case the directory consists of multiple pages. |
| `PreviousTxnID`     | String    | UInt256       | Yes       | The hash of the previous transaction that modified this entry. |
| `PreviousTxnLgrSeq` | String    | UInt32        | Yes       | The ledger index that this object was most recently modified or created in. |

### PriceData Fields

| Field               | JSON Type | Internal Type | Required? | Description |
|---------------------|-----------|---------------|-----------|-------------|

> | `BaseAsset`         | String    | Currency      | Yes       | The primary asset in a trading pair. Any valid identifier, such as a stock symbol, bond CUSIP, or currency code is allowed. For example, in the BTC/USD pair, BTC is the base asset; in 912810RR9/BTC, 912810RR9 is the base asset. |
> | `QuoteAsset`        | String    | Currency      | Yes       | The quote asset in a trading pair. The quote asset denotes the price of one unit of the base asset. For example, in the BTC/USD pair, USD is the quote asset; in 912810RR9/BTC, BTC is the quote asset. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `BaseAsset`         | String    | Currency      | Yes       | The primary asset in a trading pair. For example, in the BTC/USD pair, BTC is the base asset; in 912810RR9/BTC, 912810RR9 is the base asset. See below for details on the currency code format. |
| `QuoteAsset`        | String    | Currency      | Yes       | The quote asset in a trading pair. The quote asset denotes the price of one unit of the base asset. For example, in the BTC/USD pair, USD is the quote asset; in 912810RR9/BTC, BTC is the quote asset. See below for details on the currency code format. |
```

I think it would be helpful to point people at the section below explaining the currency code format with an example below, and then move the details there rather than trying to fit it all into the table.

| `AssetPrice`        | Number    | UInt64        | No        | The asset price after applying the `Scale` precision level. It's not included if the last update transaction didn't include the `BaseAsset`/`QuoteAsset` pair. |
| `Scale`             | Number    | UInt8         | No        | The scaling factor to apply to an asset price. For example, if `Scale` is 6 and original price is 0.155, then the scaled price is 155000. Valid scale ranges are 0-10. It's not included if the last update transaction didn't include the `BaseAsset`/`QuoteAsset` pair. |

## Oracle ID Format

> The ID of an `Oracle` object is the [SHA-512Half](https://xrpl.org/basic-data-types.html#hashes) of the following values, concatenated in order:

Reviewer: Use the common link here so it doesn't get treated as an external link.

```suggestion
The ID of an `Oracle` object is the [SHA-512Half][] of the following values, concatenated in order:
```

1. The `Oracle` space key (`0x52`)
2. The `Owner` Account ID.
3. The `OracleDocumentID`.

## Currency Internal Format

> The `Currency` field type represents a standard currency code, such as XRP, or an arbitrary asset as a 160-bit (40 character) hexadecimal string. This type is generally conformant to the XRPL [currency codes](https://xrpl.org/currency-formats.html#standard-currency-codes) format. Below is a JSON example with `BaseAsset` representing a CUSIP code `912810RR9` as a 160-bit hexadecimal string and `QuoteAsset` representing a standard `USD` currency code:

Reviewer: Can use a common link here too. Also, you can use plainer language than "conformant".

```suggestion
The `Currency` field type contains 160 bits of arbitrary data representing a currency or asset code. If the data matches the XRPL's standard format for [currency codes][], the API displays it as a string such as `"USD"`; otherwise, it display as 40 characters of hexadecimal. The following JSON example shows a `BaseAsset` representing a CUSIP code `912810RR9` as a hexadecimal string and `QuoteAsset` representing a standard `USD` currency code:
```
